so is the thing called ipfs sank sank
stands for simple encrypt this is mostly
a command-line tool the way it works is
you do ipfs sank if you say help it
gives you the instructions to share a
source path and that will encrypt it
what I'll do is I'll grab the local path
tar it up
then encrypt it with a symmetric S key
and then output that key for you so and
then up on the reverse side you could
use the same tool to do to the output
but what I want to show is the the thing
in the browser so if I do the thing here
I get a the this is the cipher text this
is the AES key so it doesn't any ad over
the whole thing so it doesn't have any
of the really really nice tree style
individual decryption of the directories
like that would be awesome so I might
look at the Crypt tree from peer goes to
build that into like imagine pinyin
tarball and then crypt Treeing the
Tarble so you can get like these single
archives that you could trip around and
then there's this viewer here that
whoops something broke oh yeah
something broke with my domain whoops
thankfully I don't have to rely on DNS
because screw that
so there it is downloading this archive
into the browser and then it decrypts it
so it downloads the whole thing and then
decrypt it which of course wouldn't work
for anything very big that's why where
you would need something smarter like
the decrypting gateway or some gateway
that allowed you to you would need to
like a maybe stream some parts and
decrypt them and like traverse that it'd
be kind of hard so what it's doing right
now it's not the right way to do it but
then it does all this display of of
stuff so and this is using a bunch of
modules are available on on NPM to do
all this like rendering I think they're
from web Tori so check them out and you
can do like you know mp3s and stuff but
then the decryption is happening locally
the decryption here the key is in the in
the in the address bar and so the keys
you the key never get shared out to the
server so we'll probably end up with a
mix of gateways to do some amount of
either decryption or like helpful
seeking to certain spots then some other
set of things will be like the Crypt
rate where the servers just serving you
just a bunch of encrypted blocks and
then you're like pulling out the
specific ones and decrypting them so
yeah hopefully we will get some
convergence of private content it's
awesome to see this much private content
on ipfs already so we'll probably have a
lot more of this in six months great
thank you